I build a browser extension for json diff and would like to add the reference of it in README.md (#68)
zgrossbart/jdd: README.md

docker run -i --name jdd -p 127.0.0.1:8080:80/tcp jdd:v1-alpine
```

## Run JSONDiff as an offline browser extension

> [@gangadharjannu](https://www.github.com/gangadharjannu) has build the browser extension which works entirely offline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[@gangadharjannu](https://www.github.com/gangadharjannu) has built a JSONDiff browser extension which works entirely offline.
```

Author: Updated

> You can also install JSONDiff as a browser extension and try to run on your laptop whether you are connected to internet or not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can install JSONDiff as a Chrome or Firefox browser extension and try to run on your laptop whether you are connected to internet or not.
```

Author: Updated as per suggestion
